OSDOCS-17045-2: CQA 1 for MACH-4 Cluster API for Compute Machines (#114216)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/capi-creating-machine-template.adoc

.Procedure

. Create a YAML file similar to the following. This procedure uses `<machine_template_resource_file>.yaml` as an example file name.
. Create a YAML file similar to the following example. This procedure uses `<machine_template_resource_file>.yaml` as an example file name.
+

> --

Reviewer: This causes a render error, restore the `--`

apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: <machine_template_kind>
metadata:
  name: <template_name>
  namespace: openshift-cluster-api
spec:
  template:
    spec:
----
+

> --

Reviewer: This will be a problem when you fix the one on line 25 and should be removed
```suggestion
```

|`Metal3MachineTemplate`

|====
+
`metadata.name`: Specifies a name for the machine template.
+

> `spec.template.spec`: Specifies the details for your environment. These parameters are provider specific. For more information, see the sample Cluster API machine template YAML for your provider.

Reviewer: These are missing their second `:`s

Author: I did not go with the "where" format here but updated to that format now.

$ oc get <machine_template_kind> -n openshift-cluster-api
----
+

> `<machine_template_kind>`: Specifies the value that corresponds to your platform.

Reviewer: As with the other one, this was already okay as it was, but you could do this if you want:
```suggestion
Replace `<machine_template_kind>` with the value that corresponds to your platform.
```

Author: :heavy_check_mark:
